--- The interaction protocols

	We have designed our communication protocol depending on the success 
	or the failure of the advertisement presented by the art gallery.

	A collector buys a painting if the advertisement's values, the author 
	and the price, matches with collector'spreferences.

	With each message they also pass a list of values that change 
	depending of the behaviour, the kind of the message. This values 
	can be all the preferences values, a price or an author.

	The format of the messages is as in this example.

	[explicar formato ase単alando]

	-- Optimal cases

		This diagram represents the optimal cases of our communication 
		protocol, where the collector ends up buying a painting from 
		both galleries.

		The collector is interested in a painting if the author of the 
		gallery's offer matches with his preference author. 
		And, is this happens, buys the painting if its price is 
		equal or lower than his maximum price preference. 
		The art gallery will sell the painting if it's not sold.

		[explicar diagrama ase単alando]

		These ways, every agent is satisfied.  

	-- Worst cases

		This diagram represents the worst cases of our communication 
		protocol.
		One art gallery will not sell the painting because it has already 
		been sold and the other because the collector's author preference 
		does not match any of the authors of the paintings held by the 
		gallery.

		[explicar diagrama ase単alando]

		In these cases, each agent is unsatisfied.


	-- Negotiation

		This diagram represents the negotiation between the art gallery 
		and the collector:

		The collector is interested and the art tries to sell the 
		painting, but the price is higher than the collector prefers.

		The collector then sends a buy request with the average of the 
		prices. 

		[explicar diagrama ase単alando]

		Finally, the painting is sold at the negotiated price.


--- Experiments and results

	We have based the tests on the variation in the number of collectors. 
	This is because we think it is the easiest value to make variable 
	with a slider because the collectors, which at the beginning there 
	are always 4 collectors, set their preferences randomly (the maximum 
	price they are able to pay and the author they prefer).

	-- Experiments with one collector

		Each collector can get as maximum two paintings, because there 
		are two art galleries that contact with them. 
		As we can see in this picture, there are only two paintings sold 
		(two squares in gray).

	-- Experiments with six collectors

		More collectors means more probability to sell paintings, 
		which means better performance of the market.
		As we can see in this picture, there are more squares with colour 
		gray, which means that the art galleries have sold more paintings 
		than the previous experiment.


--- Analyses and conclusions of the experiments you carried out. 

	The global behaviour matches with our expectations because we have 
	designed a market between art galleries and collectors that 
	communicates through message passing, with economic transactions 
	when a collector buys a painting and even with the ability to 
	negotiate according to his preferences. And all this is represented 
	in the interface, with the limitations of NetLogo.

	With these simulations we have learned the importance of reaching 
	the maximum number of clients in a market and matching their 
	preferences with the products a seller has. In the beginning, when we 
	had not implemented yet that the art gallery asked for the collector's 
	preferences, when the collector said he was not interested, sales 
	were much lower.

	In conclusion, the performance of our market is higher when there are 
	more collectors.

